>> Brian: The thing that I want
to build with you is a nav bar.
So right now,
we don't have like a nav bar up here, but
we're gonna build one together
with a tool called Emotion.
Now, Emotion is something
that we would call CSS in JS,
which is very controversial
depending on who you ask.
I kind of reserve judgement that I
think CSS is great, and I'm bad at it.
But CSS in JS I think is
a very interesting thing.
And I find Emotion to be the most
compelling implementation of it.
In previous versions of this course,
I taught styled components,
which is another well known one.
But if you, at this point, Emotion
pretty much has won, it has most of
the developer mind share, it's the most
popular one, it's the most performant one.
So, it's definitely one to,
you should probably think about using.
Okay, so it allows me to do all
of my styling in JavaScript and
not have any separate CSS files.
But what it will do is it
will compile your code so
that there will be a separate CSS file,
right?
So, you still end up with JS and
CSS files at the end, but
it mushes everything together for
all of your stylings as well.
So the first thing I
want you to do now is I'm
gonna stop my server for just a second and
I'm gonna say npm install @emotion/core,
and @emotion/babel-preset-css-prop.
Okay, so this is actually going to give
us the core library that's going to run.
The runtime for Emotion is a couple of
kilobytes, it's not very big at all.
And then this babel-preset-css-prep allows
it to do some extra compiling ahead of
time to make it even faster.
>> Brian: Okay,
i'm going to back to doing npm run dev so
that my server is started again.
And then I'm just going to hide this.
So I want you to make a new file.
I want you to call it NavBar.js, inside
of your source directory, and save that.
Okay, here we're going to
import React from React,
>> Brian: import Link from @reach/router,
which is gonna be a link,
as in a anchor tag.
And we're going to import
css from @emotion/core.
>> Brian: Here we're going to say
const NavBar equals a function.
And we'll do an implicit return here.
And say header,
>> Brian: And
then link to, this is just like an href,
Adopt Me, this will be the logo.
And then underneath that,
we're going to have a span
with an aria label of logo.
And then we're going to
put an emoji in here.
So however you choose to
put an emoji in there.
So in on Mac,
you can hit Ctrl+Cmd+space and
this will open the selector for emojis.
And you can pick your favorite logo for
the project.
I'm definitely gonna go with a poodle.
>> Brian: And
I have to give it a role as well.
so role = img.
>> Brian: Okay, and
then down here at the bottom
you're gonna say export default NavBar.
So nothing special here too far,
right, so far?
But I want to do something
cool with this header.
Here, I'm gonna say css=.
And then I'm gonna give it a css,
like that.
And then I'm gonna put a back tick here.
>> Brian: So notice that this is css, and
then directly afterward is a back tick.
Now I recognize that this looks odd for
most of us, because most of us don't deal
with tagged template literals
on a day to day in JavaScript.
This is a feature that came in in
2015 that it's a template string,
as in like a template string like
one that you could have here, right?
And this would work just as well.
Like that, right?
>> Brian: But it's tagged, so
it's actually going to run it
through this CSS function.
So that's all a tagged
template literal does for
you is it runs this stuff
through a function, okay?
Now we can write in here
in just normal CSS.
So background-color: #333.
Now many of you are probably
not getting good
syntax highlighting right here, right?
And notice that I'm also
getting autocompletion.
So if I say position, I'm getting
good autocompletion here as well.
So I'm gonna show you how to do
that really quick with Code.
If you click here on
the Extensions on the side.
Search for, and
I recognize this is a little
counterintuitive, but styled-components.
I actually have it already installed.
So let me find it for you.
It's vscode-styled-components,
this one here.
>> Brian: So install this one and
then it'll just magically
fix all of your problems.
>> Brian: So yeah,
just search for vscode-styled,
it probably will be the first one.
So as of filming,
this has 475,000 downloads, so a lot.
>> Brian: Okay?
>> Brian: So once you have that, then you
should start seeing syntax highlighting.
You might have to restart your editor,
but probably not.
But maybe.
And.
>> Brian: That's.
>> Brian: Yeah, so I'm gonna give
it padding of like 15 pixels.
And yeah, let's see what that looks like.
>> Brian: So we have to go put
it in first, that's right.
So I want you to go into app.js.
And here we have the header,
let's just replace this with Header.
>> Brian: Or NavBar,
that's what we called it, NavBar.
>> Brian: And
we'll have to import that as well.
>> Brian: From ./NavBar.
And we stopped using links, so
you can go ahead and delete that as well.
Up there from reach/router.
>> Brian: Okay, so now in theory.
I think we have one more
thing to do here as well.
We do.
>> Brian: So
we installed the Babel preset.
So last thing we need to do here is
go into babble, sorry, .babelrc.
And we have to use this one as well.
So
@emotion/babel-preset-css-prop
like that.
So you have to go include this as well,
because babel has to do some
transformations for us as well.
You put in this emotion/babel, so
we actually need to add
one configuration to it.
So wrap this in another array.
Put a comma here, and then an object.
And you have to say sourceMap: false.
>> Brian: It's annoying, because you're
gonna lose the ability to do source maps.
But for right now, Emotion CSS
prop doesn't play well with some
other things as well, so
we just have to turn off source maps.
In my opinion,
it ends up not being a very big deal.
So now we get this beautiful work of
art that I'm probably killing our
designer with.
But it's gorgeous and I made it.